Update Readme (#9)
openfun/learning-analytics-playground: README.md

## Description

This tool is dedicated to generate learning events (_aka_ tracking logs) from a LMS platform to
feed dashboard development testing datasets. It is intended to be used locally.

## Usage

### Launch Edx platform

1. Run the following command to launch the Edx platform:

```
make bootstrap
```

> > Note: as the command includes migration, it may take some time to complete (several minutes).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: as the command includes migrations, it may take some time to complete (several minutes).
```

> but remember that those accounts will not persist if you remove the database container.

### Run end-to-end tests

In this playground, end-to-end tests have been implemented to simulate learning events generation.

As this project is evolving, the tests will progressively comprises a wide panel of use cases.

The following command runs end-to-end tests:

```
make test
```

## Graylog

Generated events with end-to-end tests or with manual navigation on the LMS service are observable on the Graylog server.

### Configure an input on Graylog interface

1. Access Graylog interface with `admin`:`admin` credentials.

2. To configure the input where to listen the LMS server, click on `System` bar menu and `Inputs`
   button.

3. On Select input, choose `GELF TCP` and click on <kbd>Launch new input</kbd> button.

4. In the input window appearing, enter the input title you want.

5. Check that binding adress is `0.0.0.0` and the listening port is 12201.

6. Ensure that `Null frame delimiter?` option is activated (on the bottom of the windows),
   otherwise logs won't be recognized and streamed.

7. Click on <kbd>Save</kbd> button.

> ### Stream events from platform

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Stream events
```

## Description

> This tool is dedicated to generate learning events (_aka_ tracking logs) from the Edx platform to feed dashboard development testing datasets.

Reviewer: Maybe we should be more generalist and not restrict this project to openedx events. Tomorrow we may add a new LMS to the stack.

It is intended to be used locally.

It has been duplicated from [OpenEdx](https://github.com/openfun/openedx-docker) fun-flavored dogwood's release

> and integrates a Graylog server connected to the LMS service.

Reviewer: Ditto. We don't need to be that specific in the project's README.

## Description

> This tool is dedicated to generate learning logs from Edx platform to feed dashboard development testing datasets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tool is dedicated to generate learning events (_aka_ tracking logs) from the Edx platform to feed dashboard development testing datasets.
```

It is intended to be used locally.

It has been duplicated from [OpenEdx](https://github.com/openfun/openedx-docker) fun-flavored dogwood's release

> and integrates a Graylog stream server connected to the LMS service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and integrates a Graylog server connected to the LMS service.
```

## Usage

### Launch Edx platform

1. Run the following command to launch the Edx platform:

```
make bootstrap
```

> > Note: as the command comprises migration, it can be long.
> > Don't be afraid to wait several minutes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: as the command includes migration, it may take some tome to complete (several minutes). Go grab a coffee, a tea or whatever pleases you!
```

> 2. When connections are established, you can access:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. When connections are established, you can access to:
```

>    - the LMS server on [localhost:8072](http://localhost:8072/login)
>    - the CMS server on [localhost:8082](http://localhost:8072/signin)

Reviewer: They will be redirected if needed (and a port should be fixed):

```suggestion
   - the LMS server on [localhost:8072](http://localhost:8072)
   - the CMS server on [localhost:8082](http://localhost:8082)
```

   - the Graylog server on [localhost:9000](http://localhost:9000)

3. Two users are available for testing the LMS/CMS:

   - admin: `admin@example.com`:`admin`

>    - student: `edx@example.com`:`edx`

Reviewer: Maybe you should try a 3-columns table instead (username, email, password)?

> Though it is possible to create customized users at your convenience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that it is also possible to create customized users at your convenience, but remember that those accounts will not persist if you remove the database container.
```

### Run end-to-end tests

> End-to-end tests are used in the playground to generate factice learning logs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this playground, end-to-end tests have been implemented to simulate learning events generation.
```

As this project is evolving, the tests will progressively comprises a wide panel of use cases.
For now, the tests allow to generate logs about:

- the registration of a student to the platform (LMS)
- the creation of a course (CMS)

> - the registration of a student to a course (LMS)

Reviewer: Not sure we need to mention this in the project's README as I'm pretty sure we will not maintain this list. WDYT?

Author: You're right, I thought of moving the current README in a documentation when the project will be bigger. Hence, such infos could be necessary.

Reviewer: I would remove this for now, maintain a changelog, and eventually write a real documentation but I think it's too early for this.

Author: Let's do it like that

The following command runs end-to-end tests:

```
make test
```

## Graylog

> Generated logs with end-to-end tests or with manual navigation on LMS service are observable on the Graylog server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Generated events with end-to-end tests or with manual navigation on the LMS service are observable on the Graylog server.
```

### Configure an input on Graylog interface

1. Access Graylog interface with `admin`:`admin` credentials.

2. To configure the input where to listen the LMS server, click on `System` bar menu and `Inputs`
   button.

3. On Select input, choose `GELF TCP` and click on <kbd>Launch new input</kbd> button.

4. In the input window appearing, enter the input title you want.

5. Check that binding adress is `0.0.0.0` and the listening port is 12201.

6. Ensure that `Null frame delimiter?` option is activated (on the bottom of the windows),
   otherwise logs won't be recognized and streamed.

7. Click on <kbd>Save</kbd> button.

> ### Stream logs from platform

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Stream events from platform
```

## Description

This tool is dedicated to generate learning events (_aka_ tracking logs) from the Edx platform to feed dashboard development testing datasets.
It is intended to be used locally.

It has been duplicated from [OpenEdx](https://github.com/openfun/openedx-docker) fun-flavored dogwood's release
and integrates a Graylog server connected to the LMS service.

## Usage

### Launch Edx platform

1. Run the following command to launch the Edx platform:

```
make bootstrap
```

> > Note: as the command includes migration, it may take some tome to complete (several minutes). Go grab a coffee, a tea or whatever pleases you!

Reviewer: My bad :sweat_smile: 

```suggestion
> Note: as the command includes migration, it may take some time to complete (several minutes). Go grab a coffee, a tea or whatever pleases you!
```

2. When connections are established, you can access to:

   - the LMS server on [localhost:8072](http://localhost:8072)
   - the CMS server on [localhost:8082](http://localhost:8082)
   - the Graylog server on [localhost:9000](http://localhost:9000)

3. Two users are available for testing the LMS/CMS:

> | Role    | Username          | Password |

Reviewer: Should we also add the username?

```suggestion
| Role    | Email             | Password |
```

Author: No, it is not necessary to login
